OKTA-413125 post tuscany edits part3 and nut-fact additions (#2852)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-use-case-sign-in-pwd-phone/main/nodejs/integrationsteps.md

### 2: The user selects the phone factor from the authenticator list

> In this use case, only the **Phone** factor is displayed in the list of authenticators, as shown in the following example page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this use case, only the **Phone** factor appears in the list of authenticators, as shown in the following example page:
```

>**Note:** For the SDK sample application, each user must set up a phone number for phone verification to see this authenticator option in the page.

> When the user selects the **Phone** factor, call `idx.authenticate` and pass in the authentication phone type, `{ authenticator: 'phone' }`. If the call is successful, the method returns a status of `Idx.Status:PENDING`, which indicates that the SDK needs a phone verification method in order to send the verification code. The `nextStep` field includes the input for this method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the user selects the **Phone** factor, call `idx.authenticate` and pass in the authentication phone type `{ authenticator: 'phone' }`. If the call is successful, the method returns a status of `Idx.Status:PENDING` that indicates that the SDK needs a phone verification method to send the verification code. The `nextStep` field includes the input for this method.
```
